<h2>A-web-scraper-</h2>
<p>This repository contains a bot that is capable of publishing ads into the BonCoin Web site (for service type only "prestation et service"). You have to start by installing Python libraries, the list is shown below, if you don't have Python, search in google: how to install Python. It is quit easy, use Python 3.X, as it is the version that I am using for my project.</p>
<ul><li>splinter</li>
  <li>selenium</li>
  <li>schedule</li>
  <li>xlrd</li></ul>
 <p>If you're new to Python, I recommend you check out the Python website where they've set up a detailed tutorial on installing a library <a href="https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/">(click this link)</a>. As we have solved this problem, let's start by explaining how we make this project work. </ p>
<p> The first step is to install ChromeDriver. If you have already installed conda, enter into the anaconda prompt "conda install -c clinicalgraphics chromedriver". If you have never heard of it or if you have not already installed it on your PC, you need to install ChromeDriver from <a href="http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads">this link</a>, use the one that is compatible with your operating system. It is in the form of a Zip file. You must extract the Zip file and place the ChromeDriver in a folder with the name of your choice. You must obtain the path to the ChromeDriver executable that you placed in the folder. Now, go to the environment variable, if you are in Windows, and add the path to your executable to the Path variable. If you are using Linux, search for how to add ChromeDriver to Path.<p>
  
  <p> You must put the code in the same file as the Excel file and create a folder in the same directory named <b>photos</b>. The Excel that I have in this repository contains all the instructions of what to specify in each field. To add images when publishing an ad, you must create a matching folder with the name of your choice containing multiple images of the product you want to sell. The folder must contain at least three images. The code will select three randomly selected photos from the folder. All information about the ad and the name of the folder containing the ad must be specified in the Excel file. </p>
  
  <p>The program is able to publish a series of ads specified in the Excel spreadsheet at the time of your choice. ou must leave the app open for the ad to be published. The program will perform several tasks if a series of accounts must publish ads at the same time and open a browser for each account. When the program ends with an account, the corresponding browser closes automatically. it will publish every day at the precise moment that the user has specified, and that when the program is open.</p>
